## Saturday, June 28, 2025 ##

I was very late to rise. Everytime in the past, upon commencing jogging after an excessive period of being sedentary (that is a number of years), I have noticed difficulty sleeping. It was so this time as well. I do not know for sure, but I feel there is a measure of adrenaline released due to the vast change in physicality and habitual routine. Every other time, this has settled after a few days to weeks, but can temperarily resurge in response to new activity when reprogramming physical Sadhana. As I was late attending to my beloved Deities, I offered Them bhoga immediately, even before waking them up and offering obeissances and incense and the light of the day by drawing the blinds, where there are soon to also be curtains. I usually run fasted, but today I am breaking fast with Prashadam in the Lila of a Ruby Grapefruit, which is my first solid oblation of the day. I am also honouring Prashadam in the Lila of MCT Oil Performance Coffee which is Medicinal. I am honouring the balance of my Prashadam whilst I write. I am listening to Ragas on the Sitar rendered by a Pandita. I have turned on the stockpot, commenced the soaking of hand-washing, attended to the dishes and will drink another 500ml of water and soak some dried pulses, legumes and beans, before I set out on my warm up, Jog and nascent Balancework. As I am a bit sluggish and weighted due to Prashadam, I resolved to do some digital filing, bibliographic work and bibliographic annotations, whilst Prashadam settles in the Sacred Fire of digestion. It is Sandhya, the conjunction of Day-and-Night, a time of sacred liminality, crepuscularity and twilight. This is the time, as standard, I once did my Shadow-Work Poi Sadhana, which when timely, I will resume: Juggler-Goswami. I must voice the Gayatri and turn on the Deities' Lights and close the windows and draw the blinds. Then Jog, Pranayama and integrated Balancework. My Gurudeva Dharmarajji stated that the attested Zhang-Zhung name for Dzogchen//Dzogs-pa-Chen-po/Ati-Yoga in romanisation was Santi-Maha. Some scholars have stated that though Ati-Yoga or "Extreme Yoga", may also have been Adhi-Yoga or "Primordial Yoga". So too, some scholars have stated that the Sanskrit of the attested Zhang-Zhung 'Santi-Maha', may be or have been, Maha-Sandhi or Maha-Sandhya or 'Great Conjunction' and I concur and uphold their determination, as Dzogchen is a profound confluence and superset of traditions, including Vedic and Vaishnava and the Union of Sun and Moon in Sadhana, Liturgy, Theurgy, Iconography, Scripture and Visualizations is Fundamental, Primary, Foundational and Base. There are also more Interior and Secret reasons and intentionality for this Twilight Language appelation. So many elements of the early Himalayan Mantrayana of the Nyingmapa are Vedic and Vaishnava, it is beyond contestation and as it is ubiquitous and no scholar to my knowledge has ever written upon it, I find  it most perplexing and curious. Oh, I forgot to mention, of course the Zhang-Zhung of 'Santi-Maha', may also be rendered as 'Great Peace' or 'Total Equanimity', or the 'Peace-[of-the]Great[Ones]'. I just returned from my outside Bodywork intergrated in my Run in which I commenced nascent Fartlek training, a Swedish prrotocol. My Balancework with Support progressed more than marginally. I started Circumambulating and Staking other Temenos, Loci, Fields, and/or Kshetra, of Supported Bodywork which will be invaluable in the near future. I commenced some Martial integrations, Kicks and Leg and Knee raises in the Planes of movement and articulation currently available to me. I continued with the Honouring of Trees and Leaves and Their Circumambulation. I commenced the protocol of training till Vocal Submission in the nascent Fartlek Training and in the nascent Supported Multi-Planar Martial Balacework integrations. I commenced doing Supported Calve, Ankle and Soul of Foot Articilations and because of this and not totally warming up the Periphery of my Aging Limbs and that they are not yet accustomed to this activity, I tweaked the calf muscle, ligament and/or tendon of the left lower Leg. I immediately started Remedial and Reparation protocols and mitigated any injury as a result. But, I will need to train Giriwork this Evening around it and be gentle with it on the morrow. I am drinking warm Water with Salt of Quality with Micro-, Essential- and Elemental-Nutrients (as per the Valency or Periodic Table) with the addition of Collagen which is profoundly important in my situation and for my metabolism and metabolic pathways in ways beyond count. I too, am Honouring Mahaprashadam as I write, from the awakening offering of bhoga to my beloved Sri Sri Radhe-Ballabha. I am listening to the Holy Names of Maa Durga being chanted by an Adept. Oh, I also initiated the most subtle nascent Leaps to high Branches and Leaves in the immediate Field of my nascent Fartlek protocol. I did not Jog anywhere near enough, but I had initiated problematising my formerly sedentary metabolism in so many ways it will somewhat suffice. I resolved not to preceed immediately with Giriwork, but to Nourish my slight left calf Discomfiture. So, I have prepared Ganachakra bhoga with a lot of Phyto-Medicine (Herbs and Spices are the stuff of Skillful Means and Wisdom) without any External Maithuna apart from this, nor Alcoholic nor Psychotropic nor other Trance- or Siddhi-inducing substances. I am also honouring Prashadam in the Lila of White Miso in tepid Water. I am Oblating Nourishment, I have resolved to change the order-of-ceremonies and Bathe and proceed with Ghantha-Lila-Bhajana and then Giriwork and then Bathe in the still drawn tepid Water. I have finally finished honouring and oblating Prashadam, which I did mindfully chewing well each mouthful, whilst continuing digital filing and bibliographic work for this volume. Now, to draw the Bath and BATHE. Whilst drawing the BATH, I oblated bottom and top shelf Epsom Salts (Magnesium Sulphate) and Himalayan Bath Salts and three drops of Peppermint Essential Oil to enliven, assist memory recall, retention and encoding and too, to attend to my cardiovascular system. There are still the large number of ample-sized natural Quartz chips. Whilst bathing and still listening to the Holy Names of Shrimati Durga Devi, the Etudes of Czerny came-to-mind. I had a green Czerny which was my Bible. I couldn't remember or recall the name the other day. I now have circa 15 volumes of Czerny Etudes and there are many, many more. These will furnish ample inspiration for the lyrical non-rhythmic and non-percussive aspects of my Ghantha-Lila-Yantra Etude Scoring and Engraving. I just had my first Bathe and dried naturally and now for the second. Just before the second dip, I realised I have not oblated my organic Rosehip powder, ground from whole rosehips, to assist with skin elasticity and support collagen production. As I am somewhat portly, generous of girth and presently rather corpulent with the considerable burden of visceral fat and recovering from the chicane and Guru of Non-Alcaholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) and as I am Reconstituting my physicality, which may be understood as engaging Bulking and Cutting protocols at the one-and-same time, skin elasticity and Collagen supplementation, production and support is opportune. I am letting the powder dissolve under my tongue as I write. Now, back to Bathing. I am capitalizing and personifying in the English like Shelley. With the second Bathe, I started to spontaneously Lay-On Quartz and also upon a Bed of Them like a Fakir. The pointilization of the Quartz chip Points was unexpectedly most welcome. I waved out the Light of Sri Agni Deva from the Support of a pure Beeswax Candle at the point of Bindhu or Garbha-Griha or the Hub of the Medicine Wheel, Sacred Circla, Mandala, Chakra or Yantra, with the Mahasuchi wave of my Theurgical Right Hand. Now to Ghantha-Lila-Yantra Bhajana without External Vocalization, but the Internal and Secret Holy Name(s) are ever Reverberating and Sounding. I am now in my Mandhira and I have offered Sri Sri Radhe-Ballabha late evening bhoga, candles and incense. I started my Ghantha Bhajana with a gong of my new Old (technically Antique) Singing Bowl. It is my second Old Singing Bowl, the first had a beautiful and was a gift from a Doctor of Western Medicine of Mongolian ancestry, Maria. Maria spend five (5) hours sounding different Old (Antique) Singing Bowls to resolve on it. She gave it to me as she was moving to live and work in Edinborough, Scotland, U.K. It resonated so easily and beautifully. This new Old Bowl, is properly a gong and possibly a Water Bowl, also known as a Fountain Bowl, as it has a line indentation which may be the water-line mark. I just noticed it. I haven't noticed it before. The Singing Bowl or Gong Bowl is most temperamental to sound as a singing bowl. Some of them are temperamental or were not made to Sing, but instead, Gong or be a Fountain Bowl. I have not really spent a long time trying to Sing it, but it Gongs so gently, authoritatively and resounds for an exceptionally long time. I am about to do the Nine Purificatory Breathings, part of a Bhuta Shuddhi, but presently, without the Bhuta Shuddhi Mantra. Then to Bell-Play. After the Pranayama, I rest still with eyes half-open and half-closed and have a Drishti of a mote further than the tip of my nose. Then the Bija Ā wells in vocalization, which is a Yamala or Sandhi Conjunction of A + A the Divine Feminine and Masculine principles or aspects in Maithuna, which I appreciate as Sri Sri Radhe-Ballabha, but also as Sri Sri Samanthabhadra-Samanthabhadri and Sri Sri Shiva-Shakti, amongst Others. It is always the Way, it is a Magical Mystery, part of the Mysterium Magnum, you are Mahasuchi and just about to initiate Bhajana and you have the Call-of-Nature. So, I wave the candle Lights out, bow inwards towards the Garbha-Griha and traverse the boundary of the Mandhira and attend to personal ablutions. I am presently honouring Mahaprashadam in the Lila of an Apple and Prashadam in the Lila of Pomegranite juice, taken in Water like a cordial. I felt exceeding fleetingly strangely ill whilst attending to secondary business. Which, I feel may be a boon, that the pain of the slight injury is vacating my body, sonewhat like an excorism. I BATHE in the already drawn Water but top-up with some fresh heat. I have already re-lit the Garbha-Griha and invoked the Light of Sri Agni Deva in the Crystal Yantra. I found myself this time, not really a Crystal Fakir, but I did Lay-On Crystals down my Sushumna or Avadhuti (Avadhuthi). I relaxed and commenced Pranayama. Autonomically, without conscious awareness, upon coming out of Pranayama, I noticed that I had gathered the Laid-On Crystals into both Hands. I noted this with Curiosity. The Night is now long-in-the tooth, almost 4.00am and I still have neither completed Bhajana, nor Giriwork. I feel, I may instead, take to Swapna Darshan for a few brief hours in order to re-callibrate with the hours of Daylight. I am feeling weary, which is a good thing. I have not done any more Bhajana than the Outer-Offerings and Inner-Offerings, but no External Bell-Play. Which, is profoundly disappointing. Yes, my Presence is telling me that it is time for Swapna Darshana. I am just going to process and file one more bibliographic entry whilst in Bed.

**Intertextuality:**

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percy_Bysshe_Shelley (accessed: Saturday, June 28, 2025)

## Friday, June 27, 2025 ##

I just got back from my run and it was a very different experience to yesterday. My joints were jarring and I was tight, I was flat-footed and my biomechanics were challenged articulating. There was no stride lengthening, there was no relaxation, there was a subtle rhythm, which was a saving grace. But, I still had the ever-so-faint refined taste of that 'Runners' High' still chiming through my bodymind and energetic system from yesterday. I have also commenced wheezing, when my aerobic system is challenged. This wheezing is new. The wheezing is when I am using areas in my lungs that I have not used for some time. Every wheeze, in recovery, results in the nadis of blood vessels, growing, increasing in number and in reticulum and in quality, which in turn slowly increases the propensity of the aerobic metabolic pathway to make use of the lifeforce of the lifeairs. Every wheeze in this pranayama dispells, exorcises, expells and is an evocation of corpse-breath, the rancid and dead lifeairs and other icky-yuckies that no longer serve. To my longevity and projects, internal corpse-breath is anathema. Though, it is poison to me, it is a saving grace of vitality to another. This is a Mystery. My run was a cacophony, a veritable energetic banshee. It reminds me of a different perspective of the cacophany of yesterday. Just as calluses come from the 'Giriya' [*sic*] (a romanisation of the Russian plural of 'kettlebells'), from the Pianoforte, from the Djembe, bloodletting and calluses from the Violin and from the Horozontal Bar and other Calisthenics, so too will the Klokkenspel, as my Chosen Instrument to Support my Bhajana Sadhana, require and demand Sacrifice. I am writing this whilst honouring Prashadam, after my first internal solid Oblation of the day which was Mahaprashadam in the Lila of an Orange. Mahaprashadam is honoured instantaneously, or as soon as is possible or practicable, by Tradition. Integrated into my run, I established a Temenos of supported balancework, nascent sagittal movements and initiated the foundation of the complex levers that will come, all Grounded and facillitated by the Grace of Sri Bhumi Devi. A few gentle spontaneous Mudras anchored and Temenos and Support Circumambulated. I have also commenced Touching Leaves and Trees and their Circumambulation, calling on their Rooted and Foundational Wisdom. Though I can be vampiric and pull Lifeforce from them, I would not do so, I am Touching them in Awe and Reverence of their Sacrifice to the Web-of-Life-of-Being-and-Becoming. Go ask the Ents! I have finished my Prashadam and have taken my Medicine and Hocus-Pocus, Pills and Powders and am letting Creatine dissolve under my tongue as I write. I only do Klokkinspel Sadhana in a ritually very refined and pure state, Mahasuchi. This delimits when the sadhana may be enacted in my daily Seva. Though, I warmed up and cooled down with my jog, the tight stiffness and contraction of range of articulation of joints, tightening of tendons and musculature and constraint of range-of-motion is insidiously binding. But, I will sunder and subdue it. I would like to do glock, giri and then glock, but too much time is taken in the repeated purification and somesuch. It also, is an unnecessary demand on resources. So, now to the Giri. Giri Sadhana done. I have Hold of a Yamala or Conjunction of Two (2) Blue nasty Giri of 12kg apiece and a Yamala or Conjunction of my new Two (2) Purple Competition Giri of 8kg apiece. I could have done much more Giriwork but it would have detracted from the Bells. The Bells have been playing second chime for too long already, so many days wasted. Now to Bathe in a Crystal Elixir. Those may scoff at the usage of Crystal, Stone, Gem, Jewell and Rock Allies, but in global Anthropological discourse, it does not just APPROACH a Human Cultural Universal, it is one. The bath is already being drawn. I have not yet commenced calling the Holy Rivers into the Celestial Bath, but they will come. Water is naturally sacred and holy, but there are gradations of the sacred and holy. This is a Mystery and I am telling too many tales-out-of-school as it is. Epsom Salts and Essential Oils in the second submersion, sealed by Sweet Almond Oil towards the end of bathing and dry naturally. Bath done. All things have thorns and flowers, both thorns and flowers may be used and employed appropriately or inapprpriately. By Luck, Grace, Knowledge, Action, Concerted Endeavour and Striving, Prayer, Service, Wisdom, Intelligence and Sacrifice (Love and Devotion and Rigor is required through all), the Darshan of the Fruit may be Accomplished. This may be understood as Yoga-Samyama. As a rule, I do not like eating or drinking in front of my Archa-Vigraha or any that are Installed with Eyes Opened. Drinking water whilst remaining suchi in front of the Deities is done traditionally by pouring water into the mouth without touching any part of the body to the vessel apart from the hand: a suchi-pour. A suchi-drop is also performed on occasion with Mahaprashadam, where the hand is the vessel. I have not been honouring prashadam in my Mandira as-a-rule, but whilst Mahasuchi and going on a long journey with the Bells from-now-on, I needsmust sip Medicine, in a non-suchi way and Hope that such a transgression will be forgiven, but without any surety. I forgot to state that I had the beginnings of a rebirthing experience with the Yamala of Purple Giri, but I turned its tap down, to let it progress and express slowly and less breach-birthy and more water-birth-natural. The Floodgates to the Well-of-Sound opened ever-so-briefly and gently in the first innings of Glock Bhajana. I also had the slight welling of tears with the Bells during the slight Deluge, but I dampened them. It is inauspicious to cry before Archa-Vigraha. I left the Mandhir, attended to personal ablutions, rebathed in the still drawn tepid water, then honoured some Mahaprashadam, then some Prashadam and returned for second innings. I have a hardcopy of a monograph in English from the lauded Professor, Pandit and academic Namacharya of this Century, who devoted His career to serving the Holy Name(s) soon to arrive. In the two innings, I only practiced F♯ minor in different ways and mallet timing, rhythm variants and mallet expressiveness gradations in key. In the words of Blake, I have sundered my mind-forged manacles or Sri Sri Radhe-Ballabha have. I now appreciate, that I may not waste water and resources and could have today enacted Glock, Giri and Glock again by retaining the drawn water. We will proceed and dovetail this stratagGEM in future. Aum Swaha Ā

P.S. I was in error. The Russian word for a kettlebell is xxxx (gírya), and its plural is xxxx (gíri). I am having challenges with, I think, the Cyrriliac(?) orthography. I will, from now on, only refer to them by the Russian nomenclature in deference, respect and awe. 

## Thursday, June 26, 2025 ##

I am disappointed in myself that it took me till just before 10.00 pm to get my glock practice in. Especially, since yesterday evening, as I set about to do it first thing upon awakening. But, I got shanghaied by errands first thing and awoke to the doorbell. That said, today is the first day for quite a long time that I got everything done that I set out to do. This bodes well. It is some sort of threshold. I used to do this effortlessly, measure twice, cut once. Just touch something for the first time and deal with it decisively. Put it to rest. Set it in stone. Done and dusted. No double handling. Truly, as an administrator, I was sublime and all aspects of my life were in peak performance and flow, just as a matter of course. This efficiency is important for me to reclaim. On my jog today, my stride lengthened, I relaxed, the rhythm set in, I started to breathe better, I even got a brief taste of the endorphin rush and joy from running that I remember so well. My jogging form has markedly improved since I just started a few days ago. I have to stop a few times and walk in order to get my breath, but it is improving every day. I had a large package of good-sized natural quartz crystal chips arrive today. Due to force of circumstance, I had a bath with them. I have faceted crystal suncatchers and small mirror pieces. Soon, will arrive my loose wind-chime bars. I need to get Amerindian seed beads of many colours and some larger glass beads and copper wire, fishing line and some dowling. I already have paint and brushes, jewellery-making tools and crimps. My aim is to make a frontdoor suspension mobile-like magico-intentional energetic kinetic yantra installation, to entice and capture Sri LUCKshmi Devi and Chi. I may even weave some seed bead sequences and patterns. My Sri Tulsi Devi seedlings that I sowed indoors on my window sill on the last stand of Autumn, died progressively till none were left by mid-Winter. I was upset and disappointed, as I was doing puja to them. I have a way with plants, but some can be temperamental, even yakshini devis. I already know many of the mistakes I made with Sri Brinda Devi. Tulsi, Sacred or Holy Basil, is notoriously so. My home does not have a favourable aspect according to Feng-Shui and Vastu-Shastra. So, I am using all my whiles to cultivate a sound energetic environment. The labour and reparation is ongoing. Today, is the first day I got frustrated during my glock practice. My F# Minor scales were just a continual cacophany. There will be times when I will push through my frustration with aspects of my glock practice. But, presently, I do not wish to anchor frustration. I wish to anchor joy and precision. So, I stopped and will tomorrow, endeavour to commence practicing first thing after my breakfast prashadam, jog and kettlebell training. I am privileging bodywork, only so that my mitochondria will start generating more energy and do so with greater efficiency. That will flow into all goals and outcomes. 

P.S. I just realised, I have some spare peacock feathers that I have not yet assigned a function and purpose. They, too, may be a most enticing lure.

## Wednesday, June 25, 2025 ##

Today was totally filled with householder domestic and creative duties. I also attended to apothecary chores. It was raining most of the day and I was awaiting a delivery, so could not go for a run. So, instead, I began regular training with the kettlebell(s). As a sidenote and a tip-o'-da-hat, I may start referring to them in the Ruski nomenclature. I am not new to training with this bodywork modality, but I am reclaiming my experiential, technical and theoretical knowledge and acumen. I have also been regularly rucking. These will lay the ground for my reclamation of Ashtanga Yoga Vidhya, 'Yantra Yoga Vidhya' (Tibetan: Tsa-lung Trul-khor) and other styles of Yoga Darshan. So, too, the Impartial Art and Juggling Art of contemporary Poi. In due course, I will earn my wings and re-progress and reclaim the horizontal bar. I have to be very careful not to overtrain, as it is so easy to do so with these modalities, especially in concert. But, I also have to push myself in order to physiologically and metabolically adapt. It is a dance. I have mitochondrial disfunction. So, my initial phase of programming is directed towards repairing and reconditioning my mitochondrial function. Anyway, today, after everything, profound exhaustion set in, even though I was gentle and respectful with the kettlebells. It was not only anticipated, it was expected. I could not have done a productive glock sadhana. I will prioritise the glock tomorrow morning. Also, I received my new Samsung S-Pen (stylus) from Temu for next-to-nix. The other one is not lost, but misplaced somewhere in my home. Presently, in lieu of eventually scoring and engraving with LilyPond, the coding of which I have started to acquire, the S-Pen is of particular value in hand-scoring and musical theory exercises, transcriptions and arrangements on-the-fly. I have a Western Classical Music stave or staff template. The stylus applications will also likely aestheticize and render the hieroglyphic warmth of my idiosyncratic hand and snap-to-grid and transform my hand-scoring and annotations into an emulation of professional typeset scores. But, LilyPond, is a sublimation of traditional aesthetic scoring, the process of which, in deference to its magisterial artisinality, is still referred to technically by the archaic and linguistical fossil-term 'engraving'. So, I will leave my hack scores in hand and file herewith for probity and elevate in due course to LilyPond engravings. I have a presentiment that my scores, both in hand and engraved, will be a cherished artefact in the misty Fire-and-Ice of future times. As all theurgical accoutrements in the tradition(s) to which I am heir, are understood as being imbued with divine personality and agency, a daemon of sorts in its non-Christian denotation, I, Beauford Anton Stenberg, b9_hummingbird_hovering, a.k.a. Nagahari-dasa, am sprinkling water on my beautiful silver stylus and naming them or thou, 'Nom de Plume', 'Name-of-[the]-Feather' of The Beauty Way. The Feather Path of the Winged Clan is my principal Path of this Earthwalk. My totem is the Australian Eastern Brown (Pseudonaja textilis). I have been making Medicine Wheels by any other name, since circa 14 years old, after I purchased a sublimely crafted wooden Mohawk rattle, made traditionally on reservation. I purchased it with money hard won working in the kitchen washing dishes in 'The Ranch' restaurant Mornington, Victoria, Australia. An Italian restaurant and traditional sweatshop. They paid me a pittance, tippance or is it tuppence. Hari Om Tat Sat.

P.S. I integrated Sacred Circles, Mandala, Chakram and Yantra from a suite of traditions into the auspice of the Sacred and Holy Hoop. I was in error. I must have purchased the rattle much younger as I left Victoria to return  to Queensland, the state of my birth at 15 years old and moved into Fairbairn Farm, opposite The Briars homestead and next to the location of the former Balcombe Army Camp at 11 years old. I had the rattle from circa 11-12 years old. Just prior to taking up the Tarot, my Father's deck, he gifted me and for which I had a gift and soon after, the Elder Runes, two-or-so years later in honour of my paternal Grandfather of Lapland, Sweden, that passed just before my birth. 

**Intertextuality:**

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voices_in_the_Sky (accessed: Thursday, June 26, 2025)

## Tuesday, June 24, 2025 ##

I practiced only scales and a very few arpeggios of what I have already practiced so far since securing the Glock. I practiced the last line staff of SF and the whole tune a very small number of times through. I practiced dampening keys with the mallet in designated timing drills, which is new. It just came to me when reading and analyzing the SF score, that it called for dampening. I realised, as the glock is resonant, a rest actually means dampening. I hadn't realised it before. Though, you can dampen piano keys with a peddle, from my dedicated daily, more than ten (10) years of practice, theory, practicals and gradings, I hardly ever used the dampening peddle. I did dampen the djembe in my three (3) years of practice in the Senegalese djembe tradition. I also flirted with the flute, violin and guitar for circa 2-3 years a-piece, but I never dampened with any of them. Dampening would be a technique on the guitar. I doubt it would be likely on flute. It could be on violin. Mrs Hutchins never foregrounded dampening on the piano. Scores must have called for it, as I only had two (2) years to go in order to be a qualified piano teacher. Bless her divine cotton socks. I miss her greatly. Today, I realized that I really need to bring my non-dominant hand up-to-speed. Apart from this, I did sing and dance a little today whist attending to householder chores. Oh, I almost forgot, I practiced pianissimo with fast precise timed monotone strikes in sequence.

## Monday, June 23, 2025 ##

I was doing householder duties in-house and out. By the time it came to a possible juncture to practice, it was late, I had been up for a very long tine and was very tired. Anyway, I did practice timing drills sounded internally in my mind's ear on a few occasions throughout tge day. I practiced the last line staff of SF.  


## Sunday, June 22, 2025 ##

I practiced a new scale, the Relative Key to the third dyad of the Circle of Fifths. Then, I commenced a new timing drill in that key. The new practice drill was the last rhythm and timing drill of the 'Cadet' Basic Glock mock-up. The drill was so much easily memorised than any of the first three I have been practicing, which is curious.

## Saturday, June 21, 2025 ##

Upon awakening, I quickly showered, hydrated, then awakened Sri Sri Radhe-Ballabha, then I went for my run. No discomfiture no significant soreness. There was after yesterday, but today it had dissapated. I picked up a new free copy of Westrip's 'Moghul Cooking', that was just abandoned or offered in my lifepath. I cooked, offered then ate my prashadam. Then, I addended to householder household duties, like cleaning whilst singing Sri Radhe Nama kirtan and dancing. I opened the front door to invite in Sri Lakshmi devi. There was a beautiful breeze and the crystal suncatcher emitted rainbows all through my entranceway hallway and on the threshold and out the front of the door. On impetus of the most beautiful and gentle breeze, I ritually hung prayer flags as torana on my interior doors and the breeze gently moved them. I had a bath in silence. Out of the silence came: (1) In LilyPond I can score and engrave entire ragas mapped to different Western Classical musical tonics, (2) generate a .midi from the LilyPond score, (3) overlay a soundfont of Sangam voice and listen and internally voice in consonance, whilst I run. I may do the same with tala and polyrhythms. It is mechanical and technical and for that reason, in lieu of a guru, it will serve the function. I let the water dry on my skin naturally to hydrate, then I clothed and went to bhajan in my mandhir. I did arpeggiated dyads or chordal dyads of different scales, so practiced mallet synchronisation and timing. It was lovely. I just made spontaneous tunes. I stopped my glock practice and resolved to do some vocal kirtan. I did that for a while and finished.

## Friday, June 20, 2025 ##

Many things vied for my attention today and when it came time to practice, I was tired again. I had a short, somewhat tokenistic session, but it went relatively well, though brief. I was only slightly sore from my jog, so all the preparatory work I put in, assisted in mitigating adaption pain. I am changing my night-time alarm for wind-down to 9pm andvaim for this to be my regular sleep time. Upon waking at 4.00 am, I will awaken Sri Sri Radhe-Ballabha and go for my jog. Return and breakfast and then immediately have my first glockenspiel practice and set this as my routine. Maybe jogging every second day. We will see how well I adapt. I only did scales and arpeggios today: C Major and its relative minor A Minor; G Major and its relative minor D Minor. D Minor was a new scale and arpeggio on the glock. I have engraved a draft score of these drills with LilyPond, but have to refine and debut the code. I am new to LilyPond.

## Thursday, June 19, 2025 ##

I spent another late night to sunrise researching and writing. So, my schedule, routine and programme are all out of whack. I discovered LilyPond, the score engraving software. It is a revelation. I was tired when it came to practice time. I resolved to have a bath with candles, sang to Sri Sri Radha-Ballabha in my home mandhir, from my bath in candlelight. Even though tired, I was more refreshed and did do my practice. But, the session was brief. I practiced scales and arpeggios. No timing drills. I practiced the second and final part of Scarborough Fair a few times. Said goodnight and went to bed. I felt good with the practice, though brief and was pleased I didn't skip it or use tiredness as an excuse to shirk. I am going for a jog upon awakening.

## Wednesday, June 18, 2025 ##

My long practice of yesterday, resulted in having a late dinner and then the Muses were courting me whilst I was researching and writing. All of which, resulted in a profound breakdown in my routine the following day as well as impacting on my quality of sleep. When it got to practice time, I was tired, inattentive, making the same basic errors repeatedly and I was not recalling what I had committed to memory. It was so disappointing and painful to the ear, that I cut the session a bit short. I made a vow that I would start jogging regularly prior to Winter Solstice, which is almost upon me. I need to get all my jogging clothes in order and in place and ready. I know that running and yoga impacts on my voice, my focus, my energy, my memory, my recall, my problem-solving, my endurance and many other things. So, it will impact on my acquisition of glockenspiel musicality and needsmust be brought back from the body, muscular and cellular memory archives. My practice was so disappointing, but I endeavour to learn from my mistakes rapidly and efficiently and not repeat the same errors. I also release attachment to the fruit of my sadhana. But, I commit to endeavouring to do my best in my practice sessions and keep them of a short and efficient length, with vision, to twice a day, when jogging is in stride and I have adapted to the initial discomfiture in my physicality and system from commencing a new routine in my presently unkempt and untidy state.

## Tuesday, June 17, 2025 ##

I practiced for almost two (2) hours this evening, with a 10-minute intermission. Too long. Inefficient. But, I was really enjoying myself and lost track of time. Dinner was really late as a result. I did my three (3) timed scale and arpeggio drills, ascending and descending for: C, G Major and D Major. I then refreshed my memory of the first two (2) percussive timing drills of the 'Cadet' Basic mock-up. Then, I put the two (2) percussive timing drills into ascending and descending modes of the scales C, G Major and D. Major. Then I progressed 'Scarborough Fair' and spent quite some time on it. I used the virtual metronome Android app 'Tick' for the entire practice session. At the end of my practice session, I almost did an entire execution of the arrangement of 'S.F.' without error.  Many, many years ago, I actually spent three (3) solid full and joyful days singing verses upon verses of all the 'S.F.' variant verses. I have not started singing them with the glock yet. I will wait till I execute 'S.F.' without error and is comitted to memory, before commencing singing the verses.

## Monday, June 16, 2025 ##

I warmed up with my new practice scale D Major in 4/4 at 70 BPM, as that was next in the Circle of Fifths from G Major and practiced arpeggios as well. Then played around with time in the scale and arpeggio, such as double time and other things. Then in D Major, practiced the first three (3) 'Basic' Sea Cadet timing and rhythm drills again. Then I moved to sight-reading and sight-playing the G Major scale and arpeggios as scored and timed in the 'Basic' Cadet glock mock-up. Then moved to beginning practicing my first piece, *Scarborough Fair* (SF), arranged in E♭ major and 3/4 time. I did not get very far as I need to refresh my knowledge of some of the scored notation. Also, I practiced the E♭ major scale and arpeggios to familiarise myself with the key signature of the piece. I realised in this session, that I need to practice in the mornings, as well as the evenings on the one and the same day.

## Sunday, June 15, 2025 ##

I just finished my third practice session. In this session, I principally did time drills and left and right-handed mallet-work, with one octave scales of G Major and some G Major arpeggios. I practiced the initial three percussion drills of the Canadian Sea Cadets 'Basic' glockenspiel required accomplishments. I will memorize the entire 'Basic' Sea Cadet glock mock-up, before progressing to 'Level One'. Also, at the end of today's session, unplanned and unrehearsed, I spontaneously went into one round of an almost complete, well-sounded and canonically-timed rendition of *Frère Jacques*, which surprised and delighted me. Next session, I will do more of the same, commence a different scale and start practicing a piece. I did just over an hour, about 1.20 minutes or 80 minutes, with a few toilet breaks. I am really working on hydrating. This week, I will also commence my jogging sadhana.
