# Voices in the Sky #

I have secured two (2) scores of Hayward's 'Voices in the Sky' (VITS). It will be a pure delight to arrange, score and engrave for orkestral klokkenspel and my voice. I may even quill a few more verses with the help of my allies. This song brings to heart and mind the exquisite medicine bundle of so many precious and holy things and the epiphany of complex emotions. It reminds me of 'The Bluebird [of Happiness]' with Shirley Temple, filmed as a response and answer to the beloved 'The Wizard of Oz' (TWoOZ) and a male Fairy or Superb Wren (Malurus cyaneus) in mating flourish and lover warpaint. There is such diversity in their colour, patterning and plumage. The female is a drab. I was living and working on a rainforest tree farm in Nymboida, N.S.W., when I saw Him. I had just gone for the 40 minute round trip by foot to the front gate to pick up the mail. The Wren flew straight towards me at such speed and alighted immediately in front of me on the top rung of the strung and taught fencewire, appraising me with strong gaze. He was completely uniformed in Sky Blue, with no extraneous patterning nor adornments. In this form, Nature is exultant. I had seen them, the male and female, represented in books and on a Gould's poster. This exemplar was outstanding. This was my first encounter. I indulge and take refuge in a segue and traverse, from one temple, to another.... I find Temple saccharin and grinding in everything but the Bluebird. To me, in this performance, Temple is a revelation. The storyteller in me even holds it in greater esteem than TWoOZ. To me, it invokes the importance of telling the stories, the teaching stories and particularly, telling the stories of the Ancestors. VITS is empowered songwriting. To me, it is a *magnum opus* and I invoke all denotations of the term and collapse them into unity with precision and purpose. It also reminds and evokes in me, the complex, perplexing and wrenching emotions I felt whilst reading and re-reading Wilde's 'The Nightingale and the Rose'. The Bluebird is so very important to the Diné, the Navajo. The last medicine-song of the Nightway Rite is about the Bluebird. In the dance of the Nightway Rite, the dancers wear rattles of quartz crystal chips that emit light as they sound due to fractoluminescence. This song, when I heard it for the first time, I still remember the profundity of being transfixed and transubstantiated by the experience. I heard the Voice and experienced the Vision of a Navajo Dreamer. The same person who introduced me to this song, also introduced me to Sheila Chandra. They were a generation my senior. 


# Intertextuality #

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Happy_Prince_and_Other_Tales (accessed: Thursday, June 26, 2025)

